# Projects
Credit projects carried out in the university
1. BankAppProject - credit project from object-oriented programming and design course, implemented using C# in WindowsForms (my first steps with programming).
2. TextGame - credit project for the course algorithms and data structures, implemented using simple C# solutions.
3. GUI-function-analysis - one of the projects made in Python using scipy, numpy and PyQt5 libraries.
4. Website_project - credit project in the subject of web application programming languages, based on the creation of a working and functional website imitating a store. The backend as well as the entire database was done in C#, and the frontend in React and HTML and CSS. I was responsible for cooridinating the project, creating forms in React and improving bugs in the visual layer. In addition, using external APIs, I created an email service and a chatbot - using Botpress.
5. OfficeSimulator - credit project for software engineering that is a mobile application designed to simulate office-related tasks and scenarios. It offers users a virtual environment where they can engage in various office activities, including booking appointments with government offices, exploring office locations on a map, and selecting preferred locations for visits. Technologies used: Java SpringBoot API, React-Native, TomTom Map API. 
6. KFCSimulator - ASP .NET API it is simple application simulating an order system for a fictional fast food restaurant. The application allows for creating new orders, retrieving detailed information about orders, and viewing a list of all orders.
7. BankApp - ASP .NET API, a simple RESTful API for managing bank accounts and performing mobile top-ups. It provides endpoints for creating, updating, deleting accounts, checking balances, and performing mobile top-ups.
